                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2022)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Aayush Gupta

 
B: Sourav Ravikumar

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	4              4
coding 	  	  	        12             12
writeup 	  	  	5              5
planning (alone) 	        3              2 
total (including meetings) 	24 	       23


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    
    Aayush: Implemented the first version of packing.
    	    Implemented SVE instruction kernel
	    Report writing and perf command benchmarks
	    
    Sourav: Optimized packing, added loop unrolling
	    Implemented unrolled microkernel with register usage.
	    Tuned blocking paramters by doing a grid search.
	    Report Writing and benchmarking performance
    	    
(b) Did you complete the assignment? 
    Yes

(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
    
    Strengths: Good at asynchronous work 
    Weakness: Tough to find a common time slot to work on report 
    How we worked together: By using collaborative tools like github, google meet and overleaf.
    
(d) What lessons did you learn from these events.
    
    A seemingly simple problem, like matrix multiplication, can be very tricky to optimize. But the obtained performance makes it important to 
	optimize these algorithms.
    
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    
    No, we dont plan to change anything.
    
(f) Anything else that comes to mind. 

	No.
	
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?

	It is hard to keep track of number of hours spent in coding, meetings, writeup, etc. and it is difficult to mention these stats in teameval.txt
